readme.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <img alt="Logo" height="200" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/React-icon.svg/1200px-React-icon.svg.png" />
  <br>
  Template React Web
</h1>

<p align="center">

   <img alt="License MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue">

  <img alt="Languages" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/languages-1-blue">
  
  <a href="https://www.codacy.com/gh/luanfonsecap/react-web-template/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=luanfonsecap/react-web-template&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade">
    <img src="https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e5f63167310c42ba9cd01ecd71fceb2c"/>
  </a>
  
<!--   <p align="center">
    <a href="https://app.netlify.com/sites/jokes-norris/deploys">
      <img alt="Netlify Status" src="https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/2808add5-ff8e-441f-9f51-1226c7031112/deploy-status">
    </a>
  </p> -->

  <br>

  <p align="center">
    :sparkles: Trying to create a scalable template for React Web applications.
  </p>  
  <p align="center">
    :building_construction: Under construction.
  </p>

  <br>
</p>

# :muscle: The project

This repository contains a boilerplate for React web apps started with CRA, to practice and apply what i'm learning.
<br />
It is being built based on my studies in frontend, architecture and React, looking for a clean and scalable architecture.
<br />
A generic structure that can supply most scenarios.

<br>

## ⚗️ Technologies involved

- Typescript
- Styled Components
- Axios
- Redux
- Redux Saga
- Immer
- Eslint
- Husky
- React Toastify

<br>

## :jigsaw: Patterns adopted

- Ducks Modular Redux - https://github.com/erikras/ducks-modular-redux
- Conventional Commits - https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/

## :bicyclist: Road Map

<i>A road map to be incremented everyday.</i>

- [x] Create a common module.
- [x] Absolute paths.
- [ ] Create a identity to use in examples for project (E.g. a cat for NestJS, FooBar for concepts).
- [x] Write a good readme.
- [ ] Create one example of test for each type of content.
- [ ] Study a better structure to declare routes.
- [x] Add eslint import helpers.
- [ ] Semantic Versioning.
- [ ] Add commitizen.

<br>

## :books: My studies fonts

- Kent C. Dodds Blog - https://kentcdodds.com/blog/
- Book Tao of React - https://alexkondov.com/tao-of-react/
- React documentation - https://reactjs.org/

<br>

## :pencil: Contribute

Feel free to open a pull request and suggest anything ☺️.

<br>

---

<h6 align="center">
	Made with :purple_heart: by me.
</h6>

Commit message:

chore: :memo: add patern adapter to readme
added a adapter/wrapper to Toast component

readme.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <img alt="Logo" height="200" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/React-icon.svg/1200px-React-icon.svg.png" />
  <br>
  Template React Web
</h1>

<p align="center">

   <img alt="License MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue">

  <img alt="Languages" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/languages-1-blue">
  
  <a href="https://www.codacy.com/gh/luanfonsecap/react-web-template/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=luanfonsecap/react-web-template&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade">
    <img src="https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e5f63167310c42ba9cd01ecd71fceb2c"/>
  </a>
  
<!--   <p align="center">
    <a href="https://app.netlify.com/sites/jokes-norris/deploys">
      <img alt="Netlify Status" src="https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/2808add5-ff8e-441f-9f51-1226c7031112/deploy-status">
    </a>
  </p> -->

  <br>

  <p align="center">
    :sparkles: Trying to create a scalable template for React Web applications.
  </p>  
  <p align="center">
    :building_construction: Under construction.
  </p>

  <br>
</p>

# :muscle: The project

This repository contains a boilerplate for React web apps started with CRA, to practice and apply what i'm learning.
<br />
It is being built based on my studies in frontend, architecture and React, looking for a clean and scalable architecture.
<br />
A generic structure that can supply most scenarios.

<br>

## ⚗️ Technologies involved

- Typescript
- Styled Components
- Axios
- Redux
- Redux Saga
- Immer
- Eslint
- Husky
- React Toastify

<br>

## :jigsaw: Patterns adopted

- Ducks Modular Redux - https://github.com/erikras/ducks-modular-redux
- Conventional Commits - https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
- Adapter (for third party libraries, to isolate components) - https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/adapter

## :bicyclist: Road Map

<i>A road map to be incremented everyday.</i>

- [x] Create a common module.
- [x] Absolute paths.
- [ ] Create a identity to use in examples for project (E.g. a cat for NestJS, FooBar for concepts).
- [x] Write a good readme.
- [ ] Create one example of test for each type of content.
- [ ] Study a better structure to declare routes.
- [x] Add eslint import helpers.
- [ ] Semantic Versioning.
- [ ] Add commitizen.

<br>

## :books: My studies fonts

- Kent C. Dodds Blog - https://kentcdodds.com/blog/
- Book Tao of React - https://alexkondov.com/tao-of-react/
- React documentation - https://reactjs.org/

<br>

## :pencil: Contribute

Feel free to open a pull request and suggest anything ☺️.

<br>

---

<h6 align="center">
	Made with :purple_heart: by me.
</h6>
